So in Naples this one in our Windows 7.
So if we click on this one like that it is sitting.
This machine is powered on like you see right there.
It's up in a little browser like that's.
Then we try to do it it's sitting of this battery and machine.
So no we already check the Enable sipping hot plugging and memory hot plugging.
I LRAD enable them.
So in this case I have the ability to change the number of Sibiu for this virtual machine but the situation
right that we have is that this machine have spewed but only one core and other information that we
can't change the core sockets because this is illogical to give our machine another caught parsel kids
because they already have the sockets available.
And it is used by the video machine.
So here we have only one socket but we have the option to choose to spew.
But we do not have the option to choose one.
Another rule that we have right.
That's when we want to change to see piu we only have one direction for adding more supply.
We can't.
Mine is Sibiu or resource for our virtual machine that is bolted on it is a virtual machine have once
said we can't tell you to do.
But we can't go to the opposite direction changes from 2 to 1.
So we only have one detection to upgrade to spew and not minimize it.
So is it a virtual machine but a virtual machine depend on a number of lessons that see beyond the house
and the number of people supported by the guest operating system.
And when we chose an operation system right here that's support only to spew.
We now have the only option to chose to spew if another operating system can support at 16.
We have the option right here about 16 speed so all of our mission right it is integration about this
one right here.
Then we have the capacity.
Of course the option is not available in it's really part of the virtual machine then we have a reservation.
If you remember into a resource pool we talk about do a reservation for click on this one we have.
Current value is zero.
Maximum is five Jugheads for this virtual machine so we can reserve any value we want for example two
gigahertz lega.
That's mean no we reserve two gigabytes for this virtual machine.
And this you should take careful when you do it because when there's virtual machine power it off it's
still reserved to ziggurats of the Sibiu for this virtual machine.
And that will give you a limited resource for the other virtual machine.
So all of recommend it to give it a zero.
Intill do one or offer an application require you to reserve a specific number of spew and run for the
operating system and for the obligation then you can change it.
Then you have the limits as the same as the resource limits from zero or from intimate that's mean there's
not have any limits for this imaging machine.
But if you want to limit this one to a specific value you can add it right there by example for
Gerhard's
like that so it will be limited to four figureheads for this machine can't use in fall overloading then
the share as the share that we did in the resource pool.
We give it normal low heights.
So the same prize is 4000 normal etc. so the should work as the same as we did in the pool.
But up to a bit of a virtual machine.
That means the host will separate resouce across this share configuration between two different virtual
machine and do shit.
That's good.
So for example Charles hides and all the other machine have no sharing this virtual machine.
We get to high performance of the resource of the host.
Another option that we have right there to keep this as normal.
This will be
zero.
And this would be to me like that's the NAACP idea.
Musk this option is a little complex but it's something that's you connected to between machine to do.
That actually that's I mean you connect this virtual machine to the idea of these C.P because we have
some application or some license of application or operating system license that is connected we do
id of the CPA or the ideal of the modern world but not Orac lessons have a connection we do see.
I mean this Oracle application you can install it in our machine that have our ID and do what I could
will work perfectly but if you try to install is inside another machine that have a different ID or
do you this Oracle Application we're not going to work until you buy a license for that application.
And if you remember when we create some rule about a is for example we want to make our virtual machine
to always run in a specific cost because we have our license only connected what the speed of the host
we are.
There is a rule that please this virtual machine always should or must must always run in the host number
one because we have our license connected with that horse.
So this is the idea of ID.
Of course this will be available only when your power on your machine.
Then we have hardware virtualization.
Those aren't all the new power of the vision machine.
So the hardware virtualization thats me expose hardware virtualization to the guest.
So if you remember when we enable the virtualization in our bios of each of those ESX I host that mean
we make the step to be virtually the did by a software call it is x I host and do same we did when we
created our virtual machine like this one when we create a virtual machine inside of workstation we
already enable speed in the BIOS to be use it as a victory speech.
So this is the same if we want for example to install a virtualization program inside this virtual machine
we need to enable the hardware between Zeeshan that's mean a nested vitriol or a nested virtual machine
inside your machine.
But in a virtual machine inside and your machine the virtual machine inside this one and so on Ansal
It's called nested virtual machine.
This option when you're enabled this one you would be able to install any highborn user software inside
this.
Windows 7 for example.
The Walkstation Hyper-V or the virtual box and create a virtual machine inside this virtual machine.
This is the option that we have performance control also.
It is illusion about victory or speed performance.
Then we have to sit you in situation that's mean the relation is to.
And and you for this virtual machine we have the option automatic.
So you see that right has some detail about its needs.
You will use the physical stick you and end you of the host are very good.
So you see software Scipion and you use software for awestricken States and individualization all you
will is the hardware that actually does mean you're connected to spew that lead to the machine as this
one is until I m d for action suits the virtualization and swapper and situation or you make them all
up.
How do the words mean you're connected to a lot of the stupid end to the virtual machine.
They actually.
So we have options software or hardware and software and and hardware and the so of course we always
leave this option Automattic into our obligation of lot of us to our question is do you and you as a
software or hardware but always Nick the much really.
So this is a quick idea about the speed and the same for the Memali it's work as the same as the hot
plug.
And we have the option to change the virtual machine configuration so you stay right here.
Minimum is 500 megabytes.
And the default for Windows 7 is totally goodbye's and does Windows 7 Professional 64 bits can support
up to 1 2 8 gigabytes of frame for the best performance.
You give it three gigabytes he give you that best performs for this but your machine is 3G gobshites
the minimum is how do you know why the default is do and the maximum is 100 gigabyte.
Also if we back to this option right here and change the Windows 7 to our windows server of course this
value will be changed from maximum 1 2 8 to another number that's called supported by the operation
system.
So also we have a reservation if you remember the reservation for this virtual machine we control.
For example gigabytes for this between machine will always reserve it to this one
chicken right here that these reservation is not available for this machine because the maximum is 1
gigabytes which is up for no then reserve Arcas memory on lock.
This option will be available when your power of the virtual machine.
So that's.
If we give to this virtual machine three gigabytes will reserve reserved for this much machine.
Then if we give it 4 bytes for example for this virtual machine it will reserve for advice.
Then the limits are the same as the resource pool limit limits etc. then do share the normal the low
and the heights.
So it's the same as the CPI.
So next we'll discover do hard drive this and about it.
So soon the next big.